Reduce containers (#2466)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/index_settings/synonyms.mdx

## Multi-word synonyms

> Meilisearch treats multi-word synonyms as [phrases](/reference/api/search#phrase-search-2). Multi-word synonyms are limited to a maximum of **three words**. For example, although you could make `League of Legends` and `LOL` into synonyms, you could not do the same for `The Lord of the Rings` and `LOTR`.
> 
> Take note that **multi-word phrases are treated differently** than associations between individual words.
> 
> When a multi-word phrase is considered the synonym of another word or phrase, the **exact search query will always take precedence over its synonym(s)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multi-word synonyms follow a different set of rules than single-word synonyms:

- When a multi-word phrase is set as a synonym, **the exact search query will always take precedence over its multi-word synonym(s)**
- Meilisearch treats multi-word synonyms as [phrases](/reference/api/search#phrase-search-2)
- Multi-word synonyms are limited to a maximum of three words

```
